a wonderful last year she happens to be
the daughter of record label executive
Michael Ellison can he drugged Ellis
sees the Amish student I cook elementary
client arts magnet school there's always
a proud member of life and a proud
member of the United Christian Church of
columbus by way of baptism okay that's
very very important but kids he loves to
learn about God and is currently signed
to Eternity records and she's a label
made of hip-hop sensation little g IG
and little DP ever song called go hard
they played on Palatine to James that's
just what i heard be able to look out
for live album entitled in china 2011
obvious played a ton Duncan that's not
to say there was a lot to say please
welcome to the stage one of our last
year winners she's gonna try to do it
again on this year put your hands
together and show some love for Miss
Mackenzie
hey you doing it I'm sorry okay now
she's gonna know y'all know the concept
of the Apollo gonna put a hand over here
y'all make the decision okay all right
go wit that everybody say yeah all right
here we go contestant number one okay
test number two
contestants number
okay and contestant number 4
Oh
yup not as though they don't take me
that long I heard about you okay why we
broke I want I really made just over
there table all right I'll tell you it's
gonna be like I see okay yoga is the
name so um we need to do the judging
again a panda that's this right it's the
last two last two ok so the first you
can go we love you all we love you all
King take it keeps a meeting an
informant keep doing that we need real
talent we do because if I hear one goes
on little radio Tom bout some steady and
leg I might go crazy and that it sounds
now it is down to the last year let's
cherish and miss Mackenzie on my snow to
judge one more time with my guy I guess
it's one and two now senator later okay
contestants number one
and contestant number two
kinda trouble getting it over what's
your hands together for the first half
winner miss Mackenzie
alright just take a quick intermission
real quick cuz the step in partnership
will let you all so much love all is
what you eat what you eat the hot dog or
something but neva hot dog I thought you
want your visa all right I'm gonna take
another quick intermission and get ready
for the next segment of the show that is
the stepping everybody who's him with
that they'll make some noise babe can
you give you one I need to make some
awesome arrangement started your whole
side with your Ecuador and Showtime
after this
you
d
wow this is what about with my prize
money doc my dog named mix I'm saving
his own I gotta choke ooh this is max